feat(loadbalancer): add balancing rules MTA-2074 (#715)
scaleway/docs-content: network/load-balancer/api-cli/configuring-balancing-rules.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Confiugre balancing rules via API

>   description: This page explains how configure balanching rules via the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page explains how to configure balancing rules via the API
```
